when you try and take an audience down
into the world that these tiny giants
live there are a course of technical
challenges imagine filming a cheetah or
an elephant but then shrink it down and
it's this high that meant tiny cameras
tiny lenses but we still wanted to track
with them we still wanted to fly over
them like with helicopters so it meant
redesigning a lot of our equipment and
often digging big holes in the ground to
get our cameras very low down to get
that sort of eyeline of the creatures
but also try and think how those
creatures did look at the challenges
that they face I think the combination
of the look and the mindset that we
adopted I think has created a world that
you can really understand and experience
what it's like to be a little creature
and that really is the world of the tiny
giants one of the things that we were
very keen to do is because the way these
animals live their lives are so fast all
the dials are turned up to 11 if you
like we had to use high-speed cameras a
lot to try and bring the speed of the
action down into a speed that we could
visualize as an amazing moment in the
sequence with the two Chipmunks where
they fight and there's a I can't
describe it any other way as an amazing
matrix moment whether it's two Chipmunks
leap into the air around each other
shutter about a thousand frames a second
and I've never seen anything like that
in 25 years of wildlife filmmaking it's
an incredible moment if you want to find
out more take a look at our
behind-the-scenes extra material
you